# Introduction: Project Description and Anticipated/Desired Impact & Outcomes

**ClimateFrame** is a framework that allows local experts to frame data by defining specific actions that are executed when certain events occur within real time data. To illustrate this let's consider Nelisa. Nelisa is a specialist working with local farmers within her community. She has had multiple in depth conversations with them and has watched them work. Thus she has determined several ways in which she could help them in their workflow using her knowledge. She has access to a dataset that gives her information on when the crops of the farmers need to be watered and harvested to maximize output. 

Nelisa decides to use **ClimateFrame** to keep the farmers up to date with best practices. Within the platform she can select the datasets she will base her messages on in the format "If there is going to be no rain in the next 3 hours, send message 'water the crops' ". To be able to cater to all available technologies and literacy levels, out platform will allow the message 'water the crops' to be sent as a call or text in the local language, or an ASCII art universal symbol.

```
  ______
 |
 |______
 |______ \
        ) |
       / /
```

Project members: Naomi Pentrel (Project Manager), Rashiq Ahmad, Samweli Mwakisambwe, Emrehan Tüzün

References:
Ideas for symbols: https://cgspace.cgiar.org/rest/bitstreams/60947/retrieve


mostly android
tecno

Name


Airtel
Gilbert Lungu - mobile company


Ashamba
Poor Person Pays (ppp) doesn't work - Rachel
- how do you monetize - commercial 
google adwords sold
Edutainment company - huge audiences
- radio 
- tv
- 200 000 sms sign ups - kenya


calling 